Senior Software Engineer Development Task : Simple Task Management and Collaboration Tool
The candidate will be tasked with deploying a Next.js application using the T3 stack and integrating it with a serverless backend on AWS using SST (Serverless Stack). Additionally, the use of Supabase as a database is required. This task will demonstrate the candidate's proficiency in our tech stack, their ability to integrate various technologies effectively, and their expertise in deploying and managing cloud infrastructure on AWS.


https://create.t3.gg/
https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app

With below version:
npm create t3-app@7.37.0

And below options:
│
◇  Will you be using TypeScript or JavaScript?
│  TypeScript
│
◇  Will you be using Tailwind CSS for styling?
│  Yes
│
◇  Would you like to use tRPC?
│  Yes
│
◇  What authentication provider would you like to use?
│  NextAuth.js
│
◇  What database ORM would you like to use?
│  Prisma
│
◇  Would you like to use Next.js App Router?
│  No
│
◇  What database provider would you like to use?
│  PostgreSQL

Development Requirements:

1. Task Management Interface: Develop an intuitive interface for task creation,
assignment, and tracking. Features should include setting deadlines, assigning
priorities/tags and team members, and adding detailed task descriptions.

2. User Profile and Project Settings: Build a user profile section allowing team
members to manage their personal information and preferences.

3. Deploy a Next.js Application: Set up a serverless backend for the application
using SST (https://sst.dev/). Ensure that the backend is configured and deployed on
AWS. The backend should handle all functionalities required by this Next.js application. Deployment on AWS is mandatory, demonstrating the candidate's ability to handle cloud infrastructure.

4. Database Integration with Supabase: Integrate Supabase as the database for the
application (https://supabase.com/). Design the database schema relevant to the
application's requirements with Email and Password login. Implement CRUD
operations in the application, interacting with the Supabase database.

5. Dashboard (Optional) : Create a central dashboard to provide a quick overview of
ongoing projects, tasks, deadlines, and team collaborations. You could incorporate
components like task lists, project timelines, and relevant analytics or summaries.

Testing:
Include a few unit tests, covering some functionalities that you deem relevant.

Submission:
● A GitHub repository link with the complete source code.
● A comprehensive README detailing the project setup, architecture, testing, and
deployment instructions.
● You can take up to 1 week to complete this task.



